SRM release notes for 804 release (#3100)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/service-reliability-management.md

Harness deploys changes to Harness SaaS clusters on a progressive basis. This means that the features and fixes that these release notes describe may not be immediately available in your cluster. To identify the cluster that hosts your account, go to the **Account Overview** page. 
:::

## Latest: Version 804xx

### New features and enhancements

> - The **Service Health** tab within the monitored service details page has been renamed the **Change Impact** tab. (SRM-15261)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Service Health** tab on the monitored service details page has been renamed to **Change Impact**. (SRM-15261)
```
